tuntikirjanpito.md, before:

# Documentation for working hours

| Date | Hours  | Task                                                                                                     |
| :----:|:----- | :-----                                                                                                   |
| 7.9.	| 3     | Initial repository, planning the application                                                             |
| 8,9.  | 3     | Work on the backend                                                                                      |
| 9.9   | 4.5   | More work on the backend, midi parsing, install material_UI                                              |
| 12.9  | 2     | Frontend: MIDI json data parsing                                                                         |
| 14.9  | 2     | Frontend: MIDI json data >> A Sonic Pi compatible document                                               |
| 19.9  | 2.5   | Frontend: Start track listing component                                                                  |
| 20.9  | 3.5   | Frontend: SonicPiFormatter lists some note information                                                   |
| -     | -     | Search for libraries for midi writing and note visualization                                             |
| -     | -     | Initialise github actions workflow, but first separate the front- and backend to separate repositories   |
| 21.9  | 4.5   | Backend: File uploading, configure fly.io to workflow                                                    |
| 22.9  | 1     | File upload: Fix multer errors. NOTE: routing is quite messy.                                            |
| -	    | 2	    | Deploy to fly.io, hunt bugs                                                                              |
| 23.9	| 1.5	| Study material.ui, deployment related bugfix, study backend file storage                                 |
| 27.9  |  1    | Track down a bug in frontend, deploy to fly.io                                                           |
| -     |  1    | Frontend utility for mapping MIDI pitch to note, eg. 60 => C5                                            |
| -     |  1    | Begin frontend utility: parse JSON formatted midi notes. Adapted from previous work on a similar project.|
| 29.9  |  1.5  | Frontend: Work on parsing notes into a trie                                                              |
| 30.9  |  1.5  | Make test material for midi parsing, work on midi parsing                                                |
| 3.10  |  4.5  | Implement trie data structure, fix array splicing bug                                                    |
| 5.10  | 3.5   | Start implementing markov chain generation. Adapted from previous work on a similar project.             | 
| 6.10  | 2     | Re-implementing trie; I had several JSON-related bugs.                                                   | 
| 7.10  | 1.5   | Further work on markov chain generation, update MaterialUI frontend                                      |
| 10.10 | 1.5   | Intermediary; Generated notechain display component                                                      |
| 11.10 | 1     | Work on CalculateOdds method                                                                             |
| 26.10 | 4.5   | Work on markov chain generation                                                                          |
| 27.10 | 4.5   | Fix generation bug; Start work on note durations                                                         |
| 31.10 | 1     | Work on note durations                                                                                   |  
| 1.11  | 3.5   | Work on note durations                                                                                   |
| 11.11 | 4     | Discover that the note duration bug is apparently related to bad / erroneus reading by midi-parser-js. [MidiCSV](https://www.fourmilab.ch/webtools/midicsv/) gives very different results form test data with regard to note start deltatimes. Possible  fix: Disregard any notes with deltatime 0; this should allow me to get some proper note chains into the Trie; I want to focus on the web application development over MIDI file parsing.| 
| 30.11 |   2   | Returning after a long hiatus. Midi parsing is not currently working; I will leave it as-is in favour of implementing more web application functionality.|
| 9.12 	| 0.5   | Fly.io troubleshooting; Plan to do some unit testing and CI/CD work today.                             |
| 10.12 |  1  	|   Reading up on docker containerisation of a node.js / react application. I've decided to complete the course part 12.|
|2.1	| 3.5 	| Reading up on material.ui documentation, implementing a copy resulting song button |
|2.1	| 1.5 	| Frontend research and development... I'm so out of my comfort zone. |
|3.1	| 5 	| Study 'JSX props should not use arrow functions' problem in app.js. And end up in the react documentation rabbit hole. |
|3.1	| -   	| Copy to clipboard function now includes newline characters  |
|3.1	| -   	| Tracking down a fly.io error - suddenly getting a CORS or XSRF token error. Apparently the axios url is wrong.|
|4.1	|	1.5 | Fix frontend baseUrl. Application runs on port 3001.												|
|9.1	|	1	| Planning out the next two weeks with regard to this project |
|11.1	|   3.5 | Debugging CORS error in deployment... And fixing it														 |
| :----:|:----- |:-----                                                                                                    |
| SUM   | 86.5   |                                                                                                           |

Commit message:

Change UI layout, hide filelist when not in use

tuntikirjanpito.md, after:

# Documentation for working hours

| Date | Hours  | Task                                                                                                     |
| :----:|:----- | :-----                                                                                                   |
| 7.9.	| 3     | Initial repository, planning the application                                                             |
| 8,9.  | 3     | Work on the backend                                                                                      |
| 9.9   | 4.5   | More work on the backend, midi parsing, install material_UI                                              |
| 12.9  | 2     | Frontend: MIDI json data parsing                                                                         |
| 14.9  | 2     | Frontend: MIDI json data >> A Sonic Pi compatible document                                               |
| 19.9  | 2.5   | Frontend: Start track listing component                                                                  |
| 20.9  | 3.5   | Frontend: SonicPiFormatter lists some note information                                                   |
| -     | -     | Search for libraries for midi writing and note visualization                                             |
| -     | -     | Initialise github actions workflow, but first separate the front- and backend to separate repositories   |
| 21.9  | 4.5   | Backend: File uploading, configure fly.io to workflow                                                    |
| 22.9  | 1     | File upload: Fix multer errors. NOTE: routing is quite messy.                                            |
| -	    | 2	    | Deploy to fly.io, hunt bugs                                                                              |
| 23.9	| 1.5	| Study material.ui, deployment related bugfix, study backend file storage                                 |
| 27.9  |  1    | Track down a bug in frontend, deploy to fly.io                                                           |
| -     |  1    | Frontend utility for mapping MIDI pitch to note, eg. 60 => C5                                            |
| -     |  1    | Begin frontend utility: parse JSON formatted midi notes. Adapted from previous work on a similar project.|
| 29.9  |  1.5  | Frontend: Work on parsing notes into a trie                                                              |
| 30.9  |  1.5  | Make test material for midi parsing, work on midi parsing                                                |
| 3.10  |  4.5  | Implement trie data structure, fix array splicing bug                                                    |
| 5.10  | 3.5   | Start implementing markov chain generation. Adapted from previous work on a similar project.             | 
| 6.10  | 2     | Re-implementing trie; I had several JSON-related bugs.                                                   | 
| 7.10  | 1.5   | Further work on markov chain generation, update MaterialUI frontend                                      |
| 10.10 | 1.5   | Intermediary; Generated notechain display component                                                      |
| 11.10 | 1     | Work on CalculateOdds method                                                                             |
| 26.10 | 4.5   | Work on markov chain generation                                                                          |
| 27.10 | 4.5   | Fix generation bug; Start work on note durations                                                         |
| 31.10 | 1     | Work on note durations                                                                                   |  
| 1.11  | 3.5   | Work on note durations                                                                                   |
| 11.11 | 4     | Discover that the note duration bug is apparently related to bad / erroneus reading by midi-parser-js. [MidiCSV](https://www.fourmilab.ch/webtools/midicsv/) gives very different results form test data with regard to note start deltatimes. Possible  fix: Disregard any notes with deltatime 0; this should allow me to get some proper note chains into the Trie; I want to focus on the web application development over MIDI file parsing.| 
| 30.11 |   2   | Returning after a long hiatus. Midi parsing is not currently working; I will leave it as-is in favour of implementing more web application functionality.|
| 9.12 	| 0.5   | Fly.io troubleshooting; Plan to do some unit testing and CI/CD work today.                             |
| 10.12 |  1  	|   Reading up on docker containerisation of a node.js / react application. I've decided to complete the course part 12.|
| 2.1	| 3.5 	| Reading up on material.ui documentation, implementing a copy resulting song button |
| 2.1	| 1.5 	| Frontend research and development... I'm so out of my comfort zone. |
| 3.1	| 5 	| Study 'JSX props should not use arrow functions' problem in app.js. And end up in the react documentation rabbit hole. |
| 3.1	| -   	| Copy to clipboard function now includes newline characters  |
| 3.1	| -   	| Tracking down a fly.io error - suddenly getting a CORS or XSRF token error. Apparently the axios url is wrong.|
| 4.1	|	1.5 | Fix frontend baseUrl. Application runs on port 3001.												|
| 9.1	|	1	| Planning out the next two weeks with regard to this project |
| 11.1	|   3.5 | Debugging CORS error in deployment... And fixing it														 |
| 12.1 | 2 | Material UI studies - attempt to change app layout to a stack |
| 12.1 | 2.5 | Try out a Material UI dialog; too intrusive and a bit complex; back to fundamentals, make a collapsible fileList that depends on state  |
| :----:|:----- |:-----                                                                                                    |
| SUM   | 91   |                                                                                                           |
